hello crafters and welcome to a
much-anticipated episode that is very
very short I'm sorry to say but ah yeah
I'm sorry about that but I've been very
busy with other videos and I just
haven't had time to record any which is
sad so I'm going to have to sleep sleep
off the sadness and awake refreshed Oh
rats the way I'm record I'm gonna be
posting this I sure hope it's not like
half size video oh well I shall fix that
in the future anywho so now we're going
to work show you some of the armory that
I've finished is anything yeah I have
some tools in here and sword a diamond
sword that is right let me go out here
and all the doors are affixed as you can
see so now they look actually looked
like they're on the edge of the building
look here's your block there let me just
put it back and hop right over here
there we go the crafting tables outside
whoops here's a door that isn't port in
the right spot come on come to me come
on there you are come on all right let's
just stick you down in the dirt there or
the cobblestone rather there we go that
looks nice that looks good okay and this
is a nice little room up here with the
doors looks cool hmm maybe I should make
a window make some windows here so add
you can't have glass
this should have had glass that would be
nice well we just have to look at the
blueness put in that's glass blue glass
that's right because i'm awesome but
none of you have blue glass well maybe
you do and if you have blue glass and we
kind of hard to see through I suppose
well oh no no no no no there's big this
big there is a pig sneaky pig trying to
get in those guys they like tunnel under
and break in and steal all of your
leftovers in your refrigerator it's very
annoying let's put a torch there yeah
I'm gonna end this pig right now boy you
ain't taking my leftovers coming back
there we go got some meat out of it cook
this up for dinner and lunch and
breakfast and yeah have my own leftovers
how do you like that that's called irony
you were taking my leftovers now I make
you into leftovers haha wow that sounds
that sounds dictator ish alright so
let's head back through the doors when
I'm gonna have to fix this one too yeah
definitely push this one back this is
also going to make the creepy
Pumpkinhead they look funny it's gonna
be sticking out like a sore thumb I
don't know why they always say that
that's has it what is that weird that
saying come from I sticking out like a
sore thumb because what why would it be
sticking out so like is it stiff does
that what I mean a pumpkin like that
pumpkin oh I'm anyhoo let me just look
through here I know I have some of this
somewhere actually actually actually
wait a second let's make some armor
shall we I haven't made any armor
cuz I don't like it normally but I don't
know also covers up my skin and I wanted
me to look pretty sure doctor but hmm
could put it due to do let me just make
what should I make gosh no pants yeah to
make some pants and then there we go and
what else boots know that already made
some down there okay a hat about a hat
add just get me a little hat here there
we go yeah that's good which stick them
on there's hat oh that looks cool
actually oh the pants the pants that
that doesn't work uh pants don't work
too well oh well we'll just keep them
for now hey actually that looks kind of
cool and aside from the side view it's
like all outlined and stuff that
actually doesn't look too bad I look
pretty good alright I'm sorry about not
posting any of these videos recently
guys but yeah I'm going to try to get
back on that and post more often yeah
I'm looking pretty good actually like a
little worker in some kind of German
factory or something the green shirt or
maybe a farm laborer oh well anyway see
you later guys